    we wish you a merry christmas.
    angels we have heard on high.
    joyful snowman.
    carol of the bells.
    dance of the sugar-plum fairy.
    deck the halls jazzy version.
    the wassail song.
    jingle bells orchestra.
    away in a manger.
    joy to the world.
    silent night.
    auld lang syne jazzy version.
    timestamp mode.

Time stamp mode allows you to change your animation timing.  Once time stamp mode is turned on press the left button to start your animation.  Once the sound track starts press the right button for each point that you want an animation change. Time your button 
presses to key moments in the sound track. Continue to do this until the animation finishes.  Then timestamp mode will be automatically turned off and your animation will be ready.

No timestamp file found for this sound track, do you want to switch to timestamp mode?  Press right button to activate left button to skip.

You are now in timestamp mode.  Press the left button to start your animation.  Once the sound track starts press the right button for each point that you want an animation change. Time your button 
presses to key moments in the sound track. Continue to do this until the animation finishes.  Then timestamp mode will be automatically turned off and your animation will be ready.  Have fun animating.

Choose my sounds.
Choose my sounds menu.

Time stamp mode off.

Time stamp mode on.

Time stamps saved for this sound track.

You can add your own sound tracks to your animator.  

You can create your own sound track files by putting wav files in the folder called  "customers_owned_music" on the microSD card that is inserted 
in your animator.  The files must be named with only lower case letters, numbers and spaces. For example "white christmas". The files must be wav files encoded with a sample rate of 22050Hz and a sample format of 16 bits. 
You can create files of this type using Audacity, a free application.

Once you have your files on the microSD card reinsert it into the animator and power it back on.  The animator will scan for new files and populate the web page and choose sounds menu with your new sound tracks.  
Next you animate them by selecting one of your sound tracks and follow the spoken instructions.  To find your songs in the choose sounds menu, scroll toward the end of the menu, and they will be named something like song one three, song one four, etc.

No user sound tracks found or they are not encoded correctly.  Press the right button for further instructions or the left button to skip.  

Each light has an i d on the back.  For example grandtree, dash, 21.  The lights plug into each other in series.  
The default setup is cane, dash, 4, repeated five more times, then grandtree, dash, 21,   This can be changed.  To change it you select menu options clear light string, and, or, add lights to light string.  These settings
can also be changed on the animator dash christmas dash park dot local web page.  To setup this web page on your local network follow the instructions in the wep page options menu.

You can create your own sound track files by putting wav files in the folder called s n d on the microSD card that is inserted 
in your animator.  The files must be named with only lower case letters, numbers and spaces. For example. white christmas. The files must be wav files encoded with a sample rate of 22050Hz and a sample format of 16 bits. 
You can create files of this type using Audacity, a free application.

Once you have your files on the microSD card reinsert it into the animator and power it back on.
Next you animate them by creating a animation file using the webpage.  Further instruction can be found at JimmyTrains.com.

