Adjust roof or door.
Move roof or door.
Install a figure.
Remove the figure and insert the figure you want to install.  When the figure is inserted press the right button to install.
Press the right button to close the door more or press the left button to open the door more.
Press the right button to close the roof more or press the right button to open the roof more.
Open roof.
Close roof.
Open door.
Close door.
To save the changes press and hold the right button until you here all changes complete.

Move door to open position.
Move door to closed position.
Move roof to open position.
Move roof to closed position.

Adjust door open position.
Adjust door closed position.
Adjust roof open position.
Adjust roof closed position.

Move roof or door menu.
Adjust roof or door menu.

Now we can adjust the door position. Press the left button to open more and the right button to close more.
Now we can adjust the roof position. Press the left button to open more and the right button to close more.

explosions.
humour.
objectionable.
thoughts on the toilet.
waiting crowd.
home life.

Waiting persons
Oh! I have to go so bad! Hurry up!

Occupant response to waiting person
Wait your turn! I had Taco Bell.

Occupant statements
My favorite place is Outhouses: where you can really 'let it go"
Honey can you get me some toilet paper?
Oh that candle just went out.  I need to relight.
Sure doesn't smell like roses in here, I need to light a match.

Call for help
Oh my butt is on fire! Can someone save me?

Jokes
Someone sprayed air freshener in the outhouse, now it smells like shitrus.

Santa
Hoe Hoe Hoe even Santa needs to use the potty.
Its kinda smelly in here, perhaps a match will help.
Can Rudolph save me from this Christmas fire? This is too hot!

Have you been good this year?  I haven't been and Mrs Clause has made me use the outdoor John.
Have you been good this year?  Mrs Clause has made me use the outdoor John, she decided to have the one inside renovated.

My soundtracks.

Music.

You can create your own sound track files by putting wav files in one of three folders on the microSD card that is inserted 
in your animator.  The first one is called c, the second is called c underscore e x p, and the third one is called c underscore
 n o e x p . These files must be named with lower case letters using the figure you want to use underscore and a number. For example man underscore 1. 
Valid figures are man,woman,alien,music.
These three folders are used as follows.  Folder c
is for the sitting down dialog, folder c underscore e x p is for the explosion, and folder c underscore n o e x p is for the dialog if there is no explosion.
The files must be wav files encoded with a sample rate of 22050Hz and a sample format of 16 bits. 
You can create files of this type using Audacity, a free application.


https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/pico feller rev 2.zip
https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/sd card feller rev 2.zip

https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/pico lightning rev 1.zip
https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/sd card lightning rev 1.zip

https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/sd card christmas in the park rev 0.zip

https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/code christmas in the park rev 0.zip

https://d1uzcg9xibmb7f.cloudfront.net/public/adafruit-circuitpython-raspberry_pi_pico_w-en_US-8.1.0.uf2